c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.dll
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.pdb
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.g.resources
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.dll
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.pdb
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.xap
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.dll
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.pdb
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\Bin\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.xap
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.g.resources
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.dll
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase.pdb
C:\Users\Houssem\Downloads\Database in Windows Phone 7\C#\F5debugWpfLocalDatabase\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
